Filezilla: Update Whore
Published on April 30, 2008.
I actually like Filezilla as a good, free open source FTP client.
But man, does it whore for upgrades!
It seems like every single time I open the program, it’s got some kind of upgrade it wants to download.
Seriously, Filezilla is an FTP client.
FTP is just a file transfer protocol (whoa, that’s what FTP stands for!).
As far as I know, FTP really hasn’t changed much in the past few years.
Oh, sure, we’ve got SFTP and FTP over SSL and stuff, but c’mon, how often do you really need to update the core software for FTP!?
What’s that? There’s a way to turn off automatic updates?
Okay. But I can’t stand not having the latest version of any software!
What’s a nerd to do?
Also, Filezilla: I don’t need to be told to send all bug reports to you every time I update the software.
I got that the first time…